[Music]
hang hi YouTube okay so um not too long
ago what I did was I made a video about
how I got rid of my eczema and what I
did to get rid of it and um I got a lot
of feedback on that I got a lot of
questions and things like that so I just
wanted to go ahead and answer some of
those questions and you know medium
explain things more in detail and don't
worry I won't make it extra long so I'll
just go ahead and answer these questions
my first video I just wanted to make
sure and I just now talked about
everything so what I did was I made a
little list of some of the questions
that I've got so one of the most common
questions that I got was if I actually
drank the olive oil and yes I did
actually drink not olive oil and what I
did was I to Sol 3 teaspoons I'm sorry
um if you take two so I like two or
three whatever but yes you do drink it
um it doesn't really taste terrible it
doesn't it's like maybe a little bad
aftertaste but just maybe like a
something after that so yes you do me
drink it and I will drink it every day
and how I saw results so yes I did drink
it um how long did it take to take
effect and how long did have to keep
digging it I pretty much took it till I
saw her goals I would say maybe like two
to three weeks and after that like I
just kept taking it for a while and then
once I saw I wasn't really having any
outbreaks anymore I just kind of stopped
taking it and um yeah I think what
really worked is because I was
moisturizing from the inside out rather
than trying to just put like creams on
top because not only that I
they'll like that worked all because I
had tried on lots of different types and
those justins and to do anything so I
wanted to try and work from the inside
out which was something that did work
and left permanent results because till
today I haven't had any eczema outbreak
and because it is summertime again this
is my time or it's usually the worst and
yeah and on during the summer where I
usually my most common places where I
would break out with it was on my eyelid
like in the creases right here and the
folds in my arms some time not too much
but sometimes in the backs money pretty
much wherever those decrease and on
there could possibly like course what
would be where you'd sweat where there's
a crease that's where I would um mostly
get my outbreak and um so I just I
started seeing result of up to two to
three weeks after dig net and I just
kept taking it just I probably took it
for about like maybe like I'm gonna be
like four to six months straight just
because I got in the habit of taking it
as a routine and eventually just died
off so um that's what I did for that
another question was where to purchase
it i purchased mine at a nutrition
people that's what was called a semi
house and they sell lots of vitamins
different types of nutrition products
and it was olive leaf tea extract pills
that I took and another thing actually
was I used extra virgin olive oil I
never tried any other kind of oil so I
couldn't really ask any questions about
that but um I did use extra virgin just
because I felt that was the least
processed and
that's what I used and that's what
worked separated and then um someone
says something about like it being like
bad for your liver I mean I don't know
I've never really heard of anything like
that and so far I've never experienced
any problems with my liver so if you
maybe have had problems with your liver
may be like look more into something
like that but I never had problems with
my liver or anything like that though
can't really give you too much on
details on that but uh yeah and as far
as my diet goes I I don't really drink
coffee um I do drink soda sometimes not
I'm not too big on caffeine much um I
mean I don't know if caffeine or
anything really has anything to do with
that but I don't drink too much caffeine
i don't i mean like i just i could eat
normal i saw stood like maybe a couple
of times out in a week and this is my
diet so nothing special so i don't
really go out of my way to avoid eating
certain foods that might avoid that it
prevents us if you feel like he just be
normal the only things that i did read
about with caffeine violently consumed
too much caffeine zone that might be
something that might be triggering your
eczema but that wasn't my problem and um
someone asking about psoriasis as well I
actually had a cousin I have a cousin
and she has devices and I know sir Rises
a little bit different I don't know too
much about that because I never had it
but I know it is a little bit like it's
like raised on your skin i believe and i
believe us a little bit like a thicker
of a rash and um she still has her so i
wouldn't be able to give too much
information so i know it is different
from eczema and I don't know if olive
oil will help stuff
but and those are just a couple
questions I had and I wanted to answer
thank you so much for your patience and
I apologize for not getting back to you
know right away with the questions and
things like that but um for those of you
who do have any more questions yes you
do drink it I took it until it's cleared
up it did not give me any side effects
or anything like that just pure virgin
olive oil and I took it for about you
know two to three weeks and I just kept
continuously ticket as it became a part
of my routine but on anything other than
that I really hope you know I have
helped them a lot of a lot told me that
they have seen some improvements and so
I'm really glad I can help with that so
if there is anything else any other
questions let me know and I will get
back to you as soon as I can but I hope
your skin looks beautiful and I hope you
all have a great day and thanks for
watching have a good one